Building a SPA using Hotwire (#210)
rootstrap/blog: content/Building a SPA using Hotwire - Matteo Guerrieri.md

When Ruby on Rails was created, it was created to render pages on the server, so to build a SPA with Ruby on Rails running on the backend meant rendering JSON payloads as a response and let the frontend take care of the rest.

But what if the frontend could update the DOM, sending HTML from the backend instead of JSON?

Here is where [Hotwire](https://hotwire.dev/) comes into action!

![Hotwire](images/hotwire.png)

From the Hotwire webpage:

> Hotwire is an alternative approach to building modern web applications without using much JavaScript by sending HTML instead of JSON over the wire. This makes for fast first-load pages, keeps template rendering on the server, and allows for a simpler, more productive development experience in any programming language, without sacrificing any of the speed or responsiveness associated with a traditional single-page application.

Hotwire was created with the aim of replacing these heavy load JS SPAs with good old HTML and encourage to see the application as a set of frames that can be replaced or augmented by the HTML sent from the server.

> Being that said, using Hotwire means keeping the Ruby on Rails way of programming, becuase mostly uses Ruby on Rails views and partials you need to write anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That being said, using Hotwire means keeping the Ruby on Rails way of programming, because it mostly uses Ruby on Rails views and partials you need to write anyway.
```
